Chad Ferguson here with learn to catch
catfish calm with this week's catfishing
quick tip now I've talked quite a bit
recently in my catfishing quick tip
videos about how to tie knots I've
covered how to Snell a hook and how to
tie the Palomar knot and in this week's
video I'm going to show you how to tie
another very effective and simple to tie
knot that I rely on a lot when fishing
for catfish and that's the trialing knot
so i'm going to cut away here real quick
and show you how to tie the trilane knot
and then I'll come back and talk a
little bit more about this and this
week's catfishing quick tip this is how
you tie Charlie knot and the way that
I'm going to show you to do this if you
look up other illustrations that you
find online it's not going to match this
100% but the way I do it will get you
the same end result is the the way these
other illustrations is at Riley not work
it's just much easier to manage the knot
when tying it this way so what I'm going
to do is insert the line through the eye
of the hook here I'm going to go back
and double back around and then start it
back through the eye of the hook again
which is going to leave me with a loop
in the fishing line right here so I have
the loop in the line and then I have
this excess piece of loose line what I'm
going to do is go around one two three
four five around the tip of my finger
and then I'm going to take this piece of
line right here and go back through that
loop that I made originally in the line
and then I'm just going to take this and
pull it tight
and there you go
that's how you tie a trolley knot this
is a great way if you have leaders pre
tied and you're just adding a slip
sinker and your mainline to a leader and
a swivel this is a great way to attach
it to that hook but that's how you tie a
trolley knot
so that's how you tie at Riley knot now
there are a lot of instances where
you're going to have to use different
knots and different applications and
outside of Snelling a hook or tying the
Palomar knot the trialing knot is my
go-to knot when fishing for catfish now
there's a lot of different instances and
where you could use this and really you
can use it in any application but I'll
come back in a future episode of catfish
and quick tips and show you real quick
some different knots to use in different
parts of the most common catfish rigs so
make sure you stay tuned for some future
episodes of catfish and quick tips from
learn to catch catfish comm when you're
done watching this video make sure you
hit that thumbs up button below and
leave us a comment let us know what you
think and if you use the trilane not
again chad ferguson learn to catch
catfish calm